Everyone's in this we do have to talk about certain course logistics and how do you should how you should
proceed with this course.
So let us talk about what are the things that the scores on this court has multiple sections on each
section has multiple concept videos, so they can be either a theory concept or they can be accordingly
do where I show you my coding in real.
How does a particular code is written or how does it work?
Or so we do real coding hands on coding in this section.
And then there is also a code repository which contains all the codes which we discuss in this course.
There is a U.S. which you can use to ask Dowds from teaching assistants of the scores on what he is
doing to monitor doubts on daily basis, and they're going to help you with their doubts.
It is a Discord server where you can interact with other peer learners who are doing with this course
and you can have discussions on any topic.
And there is a feature to make notes, so I don't provide any notes.
So I suggest you make your own notes after topics that you think you're likely to forget.
OK?
So either they can be handed a note or you can use the Udemy feature to say what electronic note or
a digital note for you so that you can use that note later, OK?
So it's totally up to you at what point you want to make a note, right?
And then there practice coding questions which are very important, and each section contains multiple
questions so that once you solve that problem, you get confidence to apply the skills that you have
learned.
There are also multiple choice questions which are in the form of quizzes in this course, and they
will test your understanding of the concepts that have been taught in a particular section, right?
So you should watch videos, you should make notes and you should try out the assignment.
That is the flow I would recommend you to follow.
And as a beginner right now, you don't need to jump to any other platform unless you complete this
course.
That is my recommendation again.
And there is an online I wrote coding when I com, which you can use as per your convenience.
If you want don't want to set up an off line idea or if you are having some issues working with an idea
in the beginning, you can use in any online.
Writing on this course is short and dark mode so that when you are studying at night, you don't you
eyes feel comfortable.
OK, so generally black does not.
Puts too much strain on this, it's more easy to read on a black screen as compared to white.
And so that is why we went with the dark mode.
And yet that's all for this course and I will see you in the next section.